if you feel like this lockdown is
hitting you even harder than the last
one
then you're not alone with everything
still closed and no real plans to look
forward to it can feel like this winter
is never going to end
so join me i've got some top tips to
help you build your resilience
and even feel a bit better how to feel
better when lockdown hits you harder
my name's dr julie smith i'm a clinical
psychologist and i share mental health
education across social media
lots of people have been taking social
media to express how lonely
and isolated they feel how low in mood
and lethargic they've become
if you feel any of those it's important
to know that that's normal and it's okay
we should feel proud that we are staying
home to save lives but just because we
have a good reason
doesn't make it easy some people seem to
be doing okay but i'm struggling
that's not because anyone is getting
locked down wrong it's because everyone
faces a different set of challenges
that affects them in a unique way the
one thing not to do right now is compare
yourself to anyone else
that does nothing for you except make
you feel worse
how can i feel better it's really
important to go back to basics
things like sleep and exercise have a
profound impact on our mental health
but they're often the first things that
we let slide when we're not feeling so
good
if you increase your exercise you can
also help to improve your sleep at the
same time
if you can't exercise outside then why
not do an online class with friends
connecting and interacting socially is
really important for good mental health
be kind to yourself others might have
bigger problems
but you still deserve help with yours so
if you think you need help
seek that out from someone that you
trust
how can i help if someone is struggling
we can't change our circumstances right
now but you don't need to fix the
problem in order to be a good support
try listening nonjudgmentally
validating that person's feelings and
letting them know that they matter to
you
you can't fix the situation but there is
hope
there are things about our situation
that we can't control but there are also
lots of small things that we can do
every day to help boost our resilience
and help us to get through this together
to discover your mental health toolkit
go to bbc
dot co dot uk forward slash headroom
you